<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_twx_dlc_pfb">
    <title>2) Format &amp; Mount a Data Disk</title>
    <shortdesc>To make the Azure data disk ready for use, you need to format and mount the disk to
        YMP Virtual Machine (VM).</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq id="prereq_fdq_rq3_ygb">
            <p>
                <ul id="ul_kqp_5q3_ygb">
                    <li><xref href="azure-create-a-data-disk-in-ymp-vm.dita#task_ab3_2k3_ygb">Create
                            a Data Disk in YMP VM</xref>.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </prereq>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Log in YMP VM via SSH.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Run <codeph>sudo -i</codeph> to get administrator privileges.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Run the <codeph>fdisk -l</codeph> command to view the data disk.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <note>If you do not find <filepath>/dev/vdb</filepath> after running the
                        command, it indicates that your YMP VM does not have a data disk.</note>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Create a single-partition data disk and execute the following commands in
                    sequence:</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_urz_ntc_pfb">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Run <codeph>fdisk /dev/vdb</codeph> to partition the data disk.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Enter <codeph>n</codeph> and press the <b>Enter</b> key to create a new
                            partition.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Enter <codeph>p</codeph> and press the <b>Enter</b> key to select the
                            primary partition.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Enter the partition number. Press the <b>Enter</b> key to use the
                            default value.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Enter the first available sector number. Press the <b>Enter</b> key to
                            use the default value.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Enter a number for the last sector. Press the <b>Enter</b> key to use
                            the default value.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Run <codeph>wq</codeph> and press the <b>Enter</b> key.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>[root@iXXXXXXX ~]# fdisk /dev/vdb
Device contains neither a valid DOS partition table, nor Sun, SGI or OSF disklabel
Building a new DOS disklabel with disk identifier 0x5f46a8a2.
Changes will remain in memory only, until you decide to write them.
After that, of course, the previous content won't be recoverable.
Warning: invalid flag 0x0000 of partition table 4 will be corrected by w(rite)
WARNING: DOS-compatible mode is deprecated. It's strongly recommended to
switch off the mode (command 'c') and change display units to
sectors (command 'u').
Command (m for help): n
Command action
e extended
p primary partition (1-4)
p
Partition number (1-4): 1
First cylinder (1-41610, default 1): 1
Last cylinder, +cylinders or +size{K,M,G} (1-41610, default 41610):
Using default value 41610
Command (m for help): wq
The partition table has been altered!
Calling ioctl() to re-read partition table.
Syncing disks.</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Run the <codeph>fdisk -l</codeph> command to view the new partition. If the
                    following information appears, the new partition <filepath>/dev/vdb1</filepath>
                    is created.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>[root@iXXXXXXX ~]# fdisk -l
Disk /dev/vda: 42.9 GB, 42949672960 bytes
255 heads, 63 sectors/track, 5221 cylinders
Units = cylinders of 16065 * 512 = 8225280 bytes
Sector size (logical/physical): 512 bytes / 512 bytes
I/O size (minimum/optimal): 512 bytes / 512 bytes
Disk identifier: 0x00053156
Device Boot Start End Blocks Id System
/dev/vda1 * 1 5222 41942016 83 Linux
Disk /dev/vdb: 21.5 GB, 21474836480 bytes
16 heads, 63 sectors/track, 41610 cylinders
Units = cylinders of 1008 * 512 = 516096 bytes
Sector size (logical/physical): 512 bytes / 512 bytes
I/O size (minimum/optimal): 512 bytes / 512 bytes
Disk identifier: 0x5f46a8a2
Device Boot Start End Blocks Id System
/dev/vdb1 1 41610 20971408+ 83 Linux</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Run the command <codeph>mkfs.ext4 /dev/vdb1</codeph> to create a file system on
                    the new partition.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Run the command <codeph>cp /etc/fstab /etc/fstab.bak</codeph> to back up the
                    data disk.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Run the command <codeph>echo /dev/vdb1 /mnt/autorecording ext4 defaults,nofail
                        0 0 >> /etc/fstab</codeph> to write new partition information to
                        <filepath>/etc/fstab</filepath>. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>View the new partition information in <filepath>/etc/fstab</filepath>: Run the
                    command <codeph>cat /etc/fstab</codeph>.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>[root@iXXXXXXX ~]# cat /etc/fstab
#
# /etc/fstab
# Created by anaconda on Thu Feb 23 07:28:22 2017
#
# Accessible filesystems, by reference, are maintained under '/dev/disk'
# See man pages fstab(5), findfs(8), mount(8) and/or blkid(8) for more info
#
UUID=3d083579-f5d9-4df5-9347-8d27925805d4 / ext4 defaults 1 1
tmpfs /dev/shm tmpfs defaults 0 0
devpts /dev/pts devpts gid=5,mode=620 0 0
sysfs /sys sysfs defaults 0 0
proc /proc proc defaults 0 0
/dev/vdb1 /mnt ext4 defaults 0 0</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Create a folder <filepath>autorecording</filepath> under
                        <filepath>/mnt</filepath>: Run the command <codeph><codeph>mkdir -p
                            /mnt/autorecording</codeph></codeph>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Mount the file system: Run the command <codeph><codeph>mount /dev/vdb1
                            /mnt/autorecording</codeph></codeph>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>To view disk space and usage: Run the command <codeph><codeph>df
                        -h</codeph></codeph>.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>If the new file system information appears in the returned results, the mount
                        operation is successful and you can use the new file system.</p>
                </info>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>[root@iXXXXXXX ~]# mount /dev/vdb1 /mnt/autorecording
[root@iXXXXXXX ~]# df -h
Filesystem Size Used Avail Use% Mounted on
/dev/vda1 40G 6.6G 31G 18% /
tmpfs 499M 0 499M 0% /dev/shm
/dev/vdb1 20G 173M 19G 1% /mnt/autorecording</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
