<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="busy-camp-on">
    <title>Busy Camp-on</title>
    <shortdesc>Busy Camp-on is busy-call handling method. When the callee's phone is busy or there
        is no answer, the caller can camps the call on PBX, the PBX informs the caller as soon as
        the callee's phone becomes available, and re-establishes the call to saves the caller's
        waiting time.</shortdesc>
    <body>
        <section id="section_kmf_bt3_dlb">
            <title>Prerequisite</title>
            <p>The Busy Camp-on feature is only applicable for the call between extensions.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_emm_k2d_dlb">
            <title>Sample Application</title>
            <p>John and Tom are not in the same office, John uses extension 1000, and Tom uses
                extension 1001.<ol id="ol_yk3_g53_dlb">
                    <li>John calls Tom.</li>
                    <li>Tom is busy in a call or cannot answer the incoming call; John hangs up,
                        stops waiting for answering.</li>
                    <li>John dials “*791001” to camp the call on.<note>To cancel camping, dial
                            "*0791001". </note></li>
                    <li>Once Tom hangs up and the extension becomes available, the PBX will call
                        John.</li>
                    <li>When John answers the call from PBX, the PBX will recall Tom.</li>
                    <li>Tom answers the call the call from PBX. The call will be established between
                        John and Tom.</li>
                </ol></p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_np5_mcd_dlb"><title>Busy Camp-on code</title>Log in the PBX web
            interface, go to <menucascade>
                <uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol>
                <uicontrol> PBX</uicontrol>
                <uicontrol> General</uicontrol>
                <uicontrol> Feature Code</uicontrol>
            </menucascade>, you can view or change the busy camp-on code.<p>The default busy camp-on
                code:</p><p>
                <ul id="ul_evg_jy3_dlb">
                    <li><uicontrol>Enable Busy Camp-on code</uicontrol>: *79</li>
                    <li><uicontrol>Disable Busy Camp-on code</uicontrol>: *079</li>
                </ul>
            </p></section>
    </body>
</topic>
