<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_bc2_vfr_bdb">
  <title>Call Parking</title>
  <shortdesc>Call Parking is a feature that allows you to suspend a call for an extended period of
    time and then retrieve that call from any extension.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <critdates>
      <!--Carol-->
      <revised modified="2018/06/14"/>
      <!--Carol-->
      <revised modified="2018/11/02"/>
    </critdates>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <section id="section_pt3_bnb_y3b">
      <title>Scenarios</title>
      <p>During a call with clients, extension users may need to check information somewhere else.
        In such case, extension users can park the call temporarily and retrieve the call by any
        extensions when getting things done. </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_wpy_ygb_y3b"><title>Settings of Call Parking</title><p>Go to <menucascade>
          <uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol>
          <uicontrol>PBX</uicontrol>
          <uicontrol>General</uicontrol>
          <uicontrol>Feature Code</uicontrol>
          <uicontrol>Call Parking</uicontrol>
        </menucascade>, you can modify the feature code, parking extension range, and parking
        time.</p>We provide default settings of call parking as follows.<p>
        <table frame="all" id="table_aqr_3kb_y3b">
          <tgroup cols="2">
            <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*" colsep="1" rowsep="1"/>
            <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="2.64*" colsep="1" rowsep="1"/>
            <thead>
              <row>
                <entry>Settings</entry>
                <entry>Descriptions</entry>
              </row>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
              <row>
                <entry>Call Parking </entry>
                <entry>The default feature code is *6. During a call, dial *6 on your phone, the
                  system will automatically assign a parking slot number to the call.</entry>
              </row>
              <row>
                <entry>Directed Call Parking</entry>
                <entry>The default feature code is *06. During a call, dial "06+parking slot
                  number", the call will be parked to the designated parking slot number.</entry>
              </row>
              <row>
                <entry>Parking Extension Range</entry>
                <entry>Specify the range of parking extension where a call will be parked. The
                  default value is 6900-6999.<note>The rang of parking extension must be different
                    from existing extension ranges (<menucascade>
                      <uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol>
                      <uicontrol>PBX</uicontrol>
                      <uicontrol>General</uicontrol>
                      <uicontrol>Preferences</uicontrol>
                      <uicontrol>Extension Preferences</uicontrol>
                    </menucascade>).</note></entry>
              </row>
              <row>
                <entry>Parking Timeout (s)</entry>
                <entry>Specify the time that a call can be parked before it is retrieved by other
                  extensions. The default value is 60s. <note>Parking Timeout must be longer than
                    30s.</note></entry>
              </row>
              <row>
                <entry>Timeout Destination</entry>
                <entry>
                  <p>If a parked call hasn't been retrieved before the parking timeout, PBX will
                    route the call to the designated destination.</p>
                  <p>
                    <ul id="ul_xqs_cdv_hkb">
                      <li><uicontrol>Original
                        Parker</uicontrol>:<?oxy_comment_start author="carol" timestamp="20200114T180506+0800" comment="注意冒号后面的单词首字母是大写。"?><?oxy_comment_end?>The
                        call will be routed to the user who parks this call.</li>
                      <li><uicontrol>Extension</uicontrol>: Te call will be routed to the designated
                        extension number.</li>
                      <li><uicontrol>Extension's Voicemail</uicontrol>: The call will be routed to
                        the designated extension's voicemail.</li>
                      <li><uicontrol>Custom Number</uicontrol>: The call will be routed to the
                        designated number.</li>
                    </ul>
                  </p>
                </entry>
              </row>
            </tbody>
          </tgroup>
        </table>
      </p></section>
    <section id="section_e1g_lhr_bdb">
      <title>Call Parking (Default feature code: *6)</title>
    </section>
    <p>You can dial the feature code of Call Parking to get the parking slot number, then dial the
      parking slot number on another phone to retrieve the call.</p>
    <p><b>Example</b>: </p>
    <p>
      <ol id="ol_fwh_4x1_rfb">
        <li>During a call, dial *6 on your phone, the system will prompt you that the parking slot
          number is 6900. </li>
        <li>Dial 6900 on another phone to retrieve the call.</li>
      </ol>
    </p>
    <section id="section_i4h_nhr_bdb">
      <title>Direct Call Parking (Default feature code: *06)</title>
    </section>
    <p>If you get a parking slot number from your administrator, you can dial the “feature code of
      Direct Call Parking+parking slot number" to park the call to the slot.</p>
    <p><b>Example</b>: </p>
    <p>
      <ol id="ol_jpd_rx1_rfb">
        <li>During a call, dial *066900 to park the call to slot 6900. </li>
        <li>Dial 6900 on another phone to retrieve the call.</li>
      </ol>
    </p>
  </body>
</topic>
