<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_fgg_byg_1db">
  <title>CDR and Recordings</title>
  <shortdesc>You can check CDR and auto recordings on the PBX web interface. CDR (Call Detail
    Record) is a data record that contains various attributes of the call, such as time, duration,
    call status, source number, and destination number, etc. </shortdesc>
  <body>
    <section id="cdr_description">
      <title>Searching Criteria</title>
      <p>You can search CDR and recordings by the following criteria:<ul id="ul_ez1_cbh_1db">
          <li><uicontrol>Time</uicontrol>: Set the start date and the end date to filter the call
            logs that are in the date duration.</li>
          <li><uicontrol>Call From</uicontrol>: The number or the name of the caller.</li>
          <li><uicontrol>Call To</uicontrol>: The number or the name of the callee.</li>
          <li><uicontrol>Call Duration</uicontrol>: The time between the call started and the call
            ended. Enter a value to filter the call logs that have call duration equal or greater
            than this value.</li>
          <li><uicontrol>Talk Duration</uicontrol>: The time between the call answered and the call
            ended. Enter a value to filter the call logs that have talk duration equal or greater
            than this value.</li>
          <li><uicontrol>Status</uicontrol>: Call status, including "answered", "no answered",
            "busy", "failed", and "has voicemail".</li>
          <li><uicontrol>Communication Type</uicontrol>: Communication type, including "internal",
            "inbound", "outbound", "callback", "PBX warning call", "transfer", and "multisite
            interconnect".</li>
          <li><uicontrol>Include Recording Files</uicontrol>: Check the option if you want to filter
            the calls that had been recorded.</li>
        <li product="k2 s-series"><ph ><uicontrol>Cost</uicontrol>: The billing cost for this
              call.</ph><p product="k2 s-series">
              <note>This option for Billing App.</note>
            </p></li>
        </ul></p>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
