<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="configure-snmp-on-pbx">
    <title>Configure the PBX to Communicate with an NMS by SNMP</title>
    <shortdesc><ph keyref="product_name"/> provide a Graphical User Interface for administrator to
        configure SNMP. This topic describes how to configure SNMP on PBX to establish a connection
        between the PBX and the NMS.</shortdesc>
    <body>
        <note>The SNMP settings configured on PBX and NMS must be consistent.</note>
        <p>
            <ol id="ol_ssl_lpb_kkb">
                <li>Log in PBX interface, go to <menucascade>
                        <uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol>
                        <uicontrol>System</uicontrol>
                        <uicontrol> SNMP</uicontrol>
                    </menucascade>.</li>
                <li>Select the checkbox of <uicontrol>Enable</uicontrol> to enable SNMP.</li>
                <li>In the <uicontrol>Local Port</uicontrol> field, enter the SNMP port.</li>
                <li>Set the SNMP connection:<note>In case that the PBX is monitored by different NMS
                        that has different SNMP versions, you can configure SNMPv1, SNMPv2c, and
                        SNMPv3 on the PBX for communicating with all the NMSs.</note><ul
                        id="ul_dq2_5pb_kkb">
                        <li>If the NMS runs SNMPv3 to manage the PBX, set the SNMP version to SNMPv3
                            on PBX:<ol id="ol_qzy_1qb_kkb">
                                <li>In the <uicontrol>SNMPv3 User</uicontrol> field, enter the user
                                    name.</li>
                                <li>In the <uicontrol>Access Limit</uicontrol> drop-down list,
                                    select the authentication method.<ul id="ul_f5s_hqb_kkb">
                                        <li><uicontrol>NoAuth</uicontrol>: Access control based on
                                            the user name.</li>
                                        <li><uicontrol>Auth</uicontrol>: Access control based on the
                                            HMAC-MD5 authentication. If you select this
                                            authentication, enter the authentication password.</li>
                                        <li><uicontrol>Priv</uicontrol>: Access control based on the
                                            HMAC-MD5 authentication, and encrypt data by CBC-DES. If
                                            you select this authentication, enter the authentication
                                            password and encryption password.</li>
                                    </ul></li>
                            </ol></li>
                        <li>If the NMS runs SNMPv1 or SNMPv2 to manage PBX, set the SNMP version to
                            SNMPv1 or SNMPv2 on PBX:<ol id="ol_m3h_12c_kkb">
                                <li>In the <uicontrol>SNMP Mode</uicontrol> drop-down list, select
                                    the SNMP version.</li>
                                <li>In the <uicontrol>Community</uicontrol> field, enter the
                                    community name.</li>
                                <li>In the <uicontrol>IP/SubnetMask</uicontrol> field, enter the IP
                                    address and Subnet Mask where the PBX and the NMS are
                                        located.<note>For SNMPv1 and SNMPv2, the PBX and the NMS
                                        must be in the same LAN.</note></li>
                            </ol></li>
                    </ul></li>
                <li>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</li>
            </ol>
        </p>
        <p><b>What' Next:</b> Configure SNMP on NMS to monitor
            PBX.<?oxy_comment_start author="carol" timestamp="20200226T164120+0800" comment="新增" flag="done"?></p><?oxy_comment_end?>
    </body>
    <related-links>
        <?oxy_comment_start author="carol" timestamp="20200226T164132+0800" comment="新增" flag="done"?>
        <link href="monitor-yeastar-pbx-with-nagios.dita"/><?oxy_comment_end?>
    </related-links>
</topic>
