<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="general-network-instroduction">
    <title>Basic Network Overview</title>
    <shortdesc>Before using the <ph keyref="product_name"/> in your network, you must configure the
        basic network.</shortdesc>
    <body>
        <section id="section_mng_pqw_ydb">
            <title>Network interfaces</title>
            <p><ph keyref="product_name"/> supports LAN interface and WAN interface. By default, the
                LAN interface is enabled, and the WAN interface is disabled.</p>
            <p>According to your network environment, you may need to use dual network interfaces. </p>
            <p>If you use dual network interface, the system route entries are automatically created
                for the default network interface. To properly route the network traffic through the
                desired network interface, you need to  <xref
                    href="add-a-static-route.dita#task_pnw_2qh_mgb">add a static route</xref> on the
                PBX.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_yfb_dqr_3jb">
            <title>Ethernet modes</title>
            <p><ph keyref="product_name"/> supports <ph product="k2">two</ph><ph product="s-series">three</ph> Ethernet modes:<ul
                    id="ul_ohj_bhv_cjb">
                    <li><uicontrol>Single</uicontrol>: Only LAN port will be used for connection,
                        WAN port is disabled.</li>
                    <li product="s-series"><uicontrol>Bridge</uicontrol>: LAN port will be used for
                        connection. WAN port will be used as bridge for PC connection. </li>
                    <li><uicontrol>Dual</uicontrol>: Both LAN port and WAN port can be used for
                            connection.<p>If you use <uicontrol>Dual</uicontrol> mode, you need to
                            choose a default network interface for the PBX.<note>The traffic will be
                                routed to the default interface; you need to <xref
                                    href="add-a-static-route.dita#task_pnw_2qh_mgb">add a static
                                    route</xref> to override the default route entries, routing the
                                traffic from a specific IP address to the specified
                                destination.</note></p></li>
                </ul></p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_rj5_2qr_3jb">
            <title>IP address assignment</title>
            <p><ph keyref="product_name"/> supports three types of IP address assignment:<ul
                    id="ul_vl2_s4v_cjb">
                    <li><uicontrol>Assign a static IP address</uicontrol><p>Contact your network
                            administrator to assign an IP address to the PBX. Then you need to
                            manually configure settings such as the IP address, subnet mask, default
                            gateway, and DNS servers on the PBX.</p></li>
                    <li><uicontrol>Obtain an IP address from a DHCP server</uicontrol><p>You can
                            configure the PBX to automatically obtain its IP address when it starts
                            up from a DHCP server running in your network.</p><note>The IP address
                            assigned to the PBX may vary every time the PBX is started
                        up.</note></li>
                    <li><uicontrol>Obtain an IP address from a PPPoE client</uicontrol><p>You can
                            connect the PBX to a PPPoE client, and set up a PPPoE connection on the
                            PBX to get the IP address.</p></li>
                </ul></p>
        </section>
    </body>
</topic>
