<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_fjj_vhm_vcb">
  <title>Inbound Route Examples</title>
  <shortdesc>This topic provides sample configurations that will help you understand DID setting and
    Caller ID setting of inbound routes.</shortdesc>
  <body>
    <p>
      <note>The following examples ignore <xref href="time_condition.dita#concept_f3m_qyd_2db">time
          condition</xref>, you can set time condition according to your needs.</note>
    </p>
    <section id="section_gfb_2jm_vcb">
      <title>Inbound route without limit</title>
      <p>Any calls to the selected trunk will be routed to the inbound route destination. You can
        set an inbound route as follows:</p>
      <ul id="ul_u1g_tsm_vcb">
        <li><b>Name</b>: Set a name to help you identify it.</li>
        <li><b>Member Trunks</b>: Select desired trunk(s).</li>
        <li><b>Destination</b>: Set the destination.<p>Leave all other fields blank.</p></li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section id="section_e31_fkm_vcb">
      <title>Inbound route based on a DID number</title>
      <p>If a trunk has multiple DID numbers, you can add multiple inbound routes that based on
        different DID numbers. When users dial different DID numbers, they will be routed to
        different destinations.</p>
      <p>The following example shows an inbound route based on DID number 5503301.</p>
      <ul id="ul_kll_wpm_vcb">
        <li><b>Name</b>: Set a name to help you identify it. For DID routes, you can set the name as
          the DID number, which helps you identify the route.</li>
        <li><b>DID Pattern</b>: 5503301</li>
        <li><b>Member Trunks</b>: Select the trunk that has the DID number.</li>
        <li><b>Destination</b>: Set the destination.<p>Leave all other fields blank.</p></li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section id="section_dmf_nlm_vcb">
      <title>Inbound route based on consecutive DID numbers</title>
      <p>If a trunk has multiple consecutive DID numbers, you can quickly set the DID number range
        in an inbound route to route calls to different destinations based on the DID numbers.</p>
      <p>The following example shows an inbound route based on DID range 5503301-5503305, which will
        route calls to extension 1001-1005.</p>
      <ul id="ul_xvr_xpm_vcb">
        <li><b>Name</b>: Set a name to help you identify it. </li>
        <li><b>DID Pattern</b>: 5503301-5503305</li>
        <li><b>Member Trunk</b>: Select the trunk that has the DID numbers.</li>
        <li><b>Destination</b>: Select <uicontrol>Extension Range</uicontrol>, and enter the
          extension range 1001-1005.<p>Leave all other fields blank.</p></li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section id="section_yck_qsm_vcb"><title>Inbound route based on Caller ID</title>By default, PBX
      routes inbound calls without limit. If you set <uicontrol>Caller ID Pattern</uicontrol>, PBX
      will route calls only when the users' caller ID numbers match the Caller ID Pattern.<p>In the
        following example, the inbound route will route caller ID numbers that start with digit 1 to
        the destination. For example, number 532352584 that doesn't start with digit 1 can not call
        in the system through this inbound route.</p><p>
        <ul>
          <li>
            <p><b>Name</b>: Set a name to help you identify it. </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <p><b>Caller ID Pattern</b>: <i>1.</i></p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <p><b>Member Trunks</b>: Select desired trunk(s).</p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <p><b>Destination</b>: Select a destination.</p>
            <p>Leave all other fields blank.</p>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </p></section>
    <section id="section_zgv_xb4_d2b">
      <title>Inbound route based on Caller ID and DID numbers</title>
      <p>If you set both <uicontrol>DID pattern</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Caller ID
          pattern</uicontrol> for an inbound route, PBX will check if the DID numbers and the user's
        caller ID number match the DID pattern and Caller ID pattern. Only the matched incoming
        calls can be routed to the pre-configured destination.</p>
      <p>In the following example, when users dial 5503301 with phone number starting with digit 1,
        the inbound call will be routed to the destination.</p>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_q2v_xb4_d2b">
          <li>
            <p>
              <b>Name</b>: Set a name to help you identify it. </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <p><b>Caller ID Pattern</b>: <i>1.</i></p>
          </li>
          <li><b>DID Pattern</b>: 5503301</li>
          <li>
            <p><b>Member Trunk</b>: Select desired trunk(s).</p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <p><b>Destination</b>: Select a destination.</p>
            <p>Leave all other fields blank.</p>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
