<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_llj_jmq_2cb">
  <title>Introduction</title>
  <prolog>
    <critdates>
      <!--Carol-->
      <revised modified="2018/06/08"/>
    </critdates>
  </prolog>
  
  <body>
    <p>Yeastar Cloud PBX provides a powerful Yeastar Management Plane (YMP) and easy to deploy
      dedicated PBX instances for solution providers and telecom resellers to easily start their
      hosted PBX business. Yeastar Cloud PBX inherits the essence of our robust premise based IPPBX
      that has been improved over the last eleven years and evolves into a scalable, reliable, and
      fully-fledged communication services platform.</p>
    <p>
      <b>Build up Your Private-branded Cloud PBX</b></p>
    <p>Self host the Yeastar Cloud PBX in your data center, fully virtualized platform such as KVM,
      VMware, or public cloud platform, you make the call. And you also build up a strong recurring
      revenue model with reduced cost, higher margins, increased reliability, and incredible
      flexibility. </p>
    <p><b>Manage and Create PBX Centrally in YMP</b></p>
    <p>Yeastar Management Plane (YMP) is an embedded platform on which you can create and manage PBX
      instances. YMP eliminates the overwhelming workload of separate instance installation and
      management. In addition, it displays real-time status of CPU, network, memory and storage, and
      provides alarm notifications, enhanced security mechanisms, backup, upgrade, and multi-level
      user access.</p>
    <p>
      <ph id="OLE_LINK7"><b>Expand Instance Capacity Flexibly and Easily</b></ph></p>
    <p>With Yeastar Purchase System (YPS), capacity including users and concurrent calls can be
      increased effortlessly for each individual instance. Whether you have a handful of customers
      or thousands, you have the flexibility to provide different customers with capacity that fits
      their needs.</p>
    <p><b>Stay Connected with Linkus Mobile Client</b></p>
    <p>Yeastar Cloud PBX enhances efficiency and creates consistent in-office experience for mobile
      workers with Linkus Mobile Client. Your Android or Apple mobile phone is also your office
      extension; no missing calls when working away from the office. Linkus Mobile Client can also
      reduce mobile voice charges with VoIP phone calls made through Yeastar Cloud PBX.</p>
    <p>
      <b>Enjoy the Rich Features of S-Series PBX in the Cloud</b></p>
    <p>With most hosted solutions you may have to give up many of your favorite features. But that’s
      not the case for Yeastar Cloud PBX. Delivering a comprehensive set of business communications
      features, including unified messaging, conferencing, and IP phone auto provision, Yeastar
      Cloud PBX ensures the customer’s needs are met in a user friendly and future friendly way.</p>
  </body>
</topic>
