<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="s-series_intro">
 <title>Introduction</title>
 <prolog>
  <critdates>
   <!--Carol-->
   <revised modified="2018/06/06"/>
  </critdates>
 </prolog>
 <conbody>
  <p>Designed with the small and medium sized enterprises in mind, supporting up to 500 users and
   built using the very latest technology, the Yeastar S-Series delivers exceptional cost savings,
   productivity and efficiency improvements, delivering power, performance, quality and peace of
   mind.</p>
  <p>The all new S-Series is engineered for the communications needs of today and tomorrow, and with
   the Yeastar unique modular design future proofs your investment choice.</p>
  <section id="section_b1q_x1l_zcb"><p><b>Appreciate the Easy-to-use Solution</b></p><ul
    id="ul_axy_y1l_zcb">
    <li>Intuitive and graphical UI brings point-and-click configuration.</li>
    <li>Convenient Phone Provisioning feature saves you tremendous time.</li>
    <li>Everything can be managed from anywhere with Internet access.</li>
   </ul><p><b>Your Choice of Technologies and Features</b></p><ul id="ul_bxy_y1l_zcb">
    <li>Embedded VoIP capability and analog phone connections.</li>
    <li>Rich external lines options include SIP, PSTN, ISDN BRI, E1/T1/PRI, and cellular
     networks.</li>
    <li>Concurrent calls and maximum users are expandable with modules.</li>
    <li>App Center integrates features that you can add when you need them.</li>
   </ul><p><b>Telephone System without Risk</b></p><ul id="ul_cxy_y1l_zcb">
    <li>Meanwell power supply featuring MTBF>560Kh.</li>
    <li>High-quality Freescale CPU processor and industry leading TI DSP voice processor.</li>
    <li>Connectors from TE Connectivity with a gold plating layer as thick as 15 μ.</li>
    <li>Lightening protection on analog ports complying with ITU-T K.20/45/21 8/20 μs and GR-1089
     standard.</li>
   </ul><p><b>Play Safe and Expect Reliability</b></p><ul id="ul_dxy_y1l_zcb">
    <li>TLS, SRTP, and HTTPS standards for better security.</li>
    <li>Defend against malicious attack with built-in Firewall.</li>
    <li>Monitor system status and behavior and be notified when abnormalities occur.</li>
   </ul><xref href="https://www.yeastar.com/s-series-voip-pbx/" format="html" scope="external">Learn
    more about Yeastar S-Series VoIP PBX</xref></section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
