<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="Installation_Precautions">
    <title>Installation Precautions &amp; Warning</title>
    <conbody>
        <section>
            <title>Installation Precautions</title>
            <ul>
                <li>The equipment room should be dry, ventilated, no corrosive gases, and no strong
                    electromagnetic interference.</li>
                <li>Reserve space for the device to facilitate heat dissipation.</li>
                <li>The humidity of the equipment room should be kept less than 80%, and the
                    humidity should be constant at around 25 °C. If necessary, the corresponding
                    facilities should be installed.</li>
                <li>Avoid installation in direct sunlight, too cold, too hot or humid (temperature
                    range: 0 ° C ~ 40 ° C, humidity range: 60% or less).</li>
                <li>Avoid installation in places where there is frequent vibration, dust, or contact
                    with water and oil.</li>
                <li>It is better to install an anti-static floor.</li>
                <li>Keep a distance from other devices and do not stack them with other
                    devices.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Warning</title>
            <p>
                <ul>
                    <li>Do not disassemble or modify the device.</li>
                    <li>Never use a 3rd party power adapter.</li>
                    <li>Do not  remove the power supply during the device startup or upgrade,
                        otherwise, the device may not be able to start up.</li>
                    <li>Please remove the power supply when writing. Power on the device after
                        wiring is completed.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
