<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="openvpn-prepare-client.ovpn-file-for-windsows-client">
    <title>Prepare Client File for <ph keyref="product_name"/></title>
    <shortdesc>You can create a client file with <filepath>.ovpn</filepath> extension with a text
        editor (e.g. notepad++). If you have installed OpenVPN on your Windows PC, you can find a
            <filepath>client.ovpn</filepath> sample file from the
            <filepath>%ProgramFiles%\OpenVPN\sample-config</filepath> (e.g.
        D:\OpenVPN\sample-config).</shortdesc>
    <body>
        <p>
            <note>The line beginning with “;” is considered to disable the corresponding
                option.</note>
            <ol id="ol_ywz_33n_h3b">
                <li>Open the <filepath>client.ovpn</filepath> file with a text editor.</li>
                <li>Edit the following options according to the VPN server settings on your PBX.<p>
                        <note>The client and server must use the same settings.</note>
                    </p><ol id="ol_vyl_q3n_h3b">
                        <li>Specify the hostname/IP and port of VPN server.<p>In this example, we
                                have forwarded the VPN server 10.8.0.1 1194 to 110.80.36.162
                                7086.</p><codeblock>remote 110.80.36.162 7086</codeblock></li>
                        <li>Set the protocol to UDP or TCP.<p>In this example, UDP is enabled, and
                                TCP is disabled.</p><codeblock>proto udp
;proto tcp</codeblock></li>
                        <li>Set the device mode to TAP or TUN. <p>In this example, TAP is enabled,
                                and TUN is disabled.</p><codeblock>dev tap
;dev tun</codeblock></li>
                        <li>Set the cryptographic cipher. <p><codeph>cipher BF-CBC</codeph>,
                                    <codeph>cipher AES-128-CBC</codeph>, <codeph>cipher
                                    AES-256-CBC</codeph> and <codeph>cipher DES-EDE3-CBC</codeph>
                                corresponds to <codeph>BlowFish</codeph>, <codeph>AES-128</codeph>,
                                    <codeph>AES-256</codeph> and <codeph>Triple-DES</codeph> on
                                server.</p><p>In this example, AES-256-CBC/AES-256 is
                            selected.</p><codeblock>;cipher BF-CBC
;cipher AES-128-CBC
cipher AES-256-CBC
;cipher DES-EDE3-CBC</codeblock></li>
                        <li>If <uicontrol>Compression</uicontrol> is enabled on server, you need to
                            enable compression on the VPN
                            client.<codeblock>comp-lzo</codeblock></li>
                        <li>If <uicontrol>CA Cert + Client Cert + Account &amp; Password</uicontrol>
                            or <uicontrol>CA Cert + Account &amp; Password</uicontrol> verification
                            mode is set on server, you need to specify the
                                <filepath>passfile</filepath>
                            file.<codeblock>auth-user-pass passfile</codeblock></li>
                        <li>If <uicontrol>SSL/TLS</uicontrol> and a <filepath>ta.key</filepath> is
                            used on the server, you need to specify the TLS Authentication &amp; TA
                            Key.<codeblock>tls-auth ta.key 1</codeblock></li>
                        <li>Specify the CA certificate file used on
                            server.<codeblock>ca ca.crt</codeblock></li>
                    </ol></li>
                <li>Specify the Windows client certificate and key file.<p>For example, Windows.crt
                        and
                    Windows.key.</p><codeblock>cert Windows.crt
key Windows.key</codeblock></li>
                <li>Edit other options according to your
                    need.<codeblock>persist-key
persist-tun
verb 3
resolv-retry infinite
remote-cert-tls server
nobind
;dev-node MyTap
;remote-random
;http-proxy-retry
;http-proxy [proxy server] [proxy port #]
;mute-replay-warnings
;mute 20</codeblock></li>
                <li>Save the client file, rename <filepath>client.ovpn</filepath> to identify, such
                    as: Windows.ovpn.</li>
            </ol>
        </p>
    </body>
</topic>
