<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_wjb_1rn_y2b">
    <title>Billing</title>
    <shortdesc></shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <section id="section_cwt_24j_tkb">
            <title>Version 2.1.4</title>
            <p>Released Date: February 27, 2020<ul id="ul_q5f_g4j_tkb">
                    <li>Fixed the billing issue: The <uicontrol>Hangup with Insufficient
                            Balance</uicontrol> was enabled, but the system didn't hang up the call
                        when the extension or account had insufficient balance. </li>
                    <li>Fixed the CDR issue: The data in CSV file that was downloaded from web page
                        was incorrect.</li>
                    <li>Fixed the CDR issue: After filtering call logs, the
                            <uicontrol>Extension</uicontrol> column was not displayed on the web
                        page.</li>
                </ul></p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_y4m_khb_wjb">
            <title>Version 2.1.1</title>
            <p>Released Date: December 12, 2019<ul id="ul_jyj_mhb_wjb">
                    <li>Optimized the mechanism of applying configuration changes to improve the
                        system stability.<ul id="ul_gnc_1vb_wjb">
                            <li>You don't need to click <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol> button to
                                reload Asterisk if you save unchanged configurations.</li>
                            <li>If no <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol> button appears after you save
                                some specific configuration changes, then the configurations can be
                                saved without reloading Asterisk.</li>
                        </ul></li>
                    <li>Fixed the billing issue: No billing record for the inbound call that was
                        transferred to an extension.</li>
                    <li>Fixed the CDR issue: The call logs didn't display the billing
                        information.</li>
                </ul></p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Version 2.0.9</title>
            <p>Released Date: May 14, 2019</p>
            <p>
                <ul>
                    <li>Fixed the issue that the icon of Billing App wasn’t displayed on the web
                        page.</li>
                    <li>Updated Russian and Italian web interface.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_ejy_hxk_5gb">
            <title>Version 2.0.8</title>
            <p>Released Date: February 25, 2019</p>
            <p>
                <ul id="ul_cx1_d1l_5gb">
                    <li>Added support for Russian web UI.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_mrd_5js_zfb">
            <title>Version 2.0.7</title>
            <p>Released Date: December 5, 2018</p>
            <p>
                <ul id="ul_yzn_wjs_zfb">
                    <li>Optimized Billing Rate Import function.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_rcp_v5n_y2b">
            <title>Version 2.0.3</title>
            <p>Released Date: August 29, 2018</p>
            <ul id="ul_s2t_y5n_y2b">
                <li>Optimized the billing for transferred calls.</li>
                <li>Fixed the issue that if Billing function was enabled, the PBX could not forward
                    calls to external numbers.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
