<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_m2s_dgn_jdb">
  <title>QueueMetrics Integration</title>
  <shortdesc>Release notes for Queue Metrices Integration on Yeastar S-Series VoIP PBX.</shortdesc>
  <body>
    <section id="section_gqg_z4j_tkb">
      <title>Version 1.4.1</title>
      <p>Released Date: February 27, 2020<ul id="ul_mbv_jsj_tkb">
          <li>Fixed the issue that QueueMetrics Integration App would be disabled
            automatically.</li>
        </ul></p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_jdn_ptj_yjb">
      <title>Version 1.4.0</title>
      <p>Released Date: December 12, 2019</p>
      <p>
        <ul>
          <li>Optimized the mechanism of applying configuration changes to improve the system
              stability.<ul id="ul_gqc_5tj_yjb">
              <li>You don't need to click <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol> button to reload Asterisk if
                you save unchanged configurations.</li>
              <li>If no <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol> button appears after you save some specific
                configuration changes, then the configurations can be saved without reloading
                Asterisk.</li>
            </ul></li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_kyl_bq1_43b">
      <title>Version 1.3.1</title>
      <p>Released Date: June 5, 2019</p>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_ocx_2q1_43b">
          <li>The <uicontrol>Queue Metrics Integration</uicontrol> App is free, no more license from
            Yeastar is needed. </li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Version 1.2.7</title>
      <p>Released Date: May 14, 2019</p>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_t4z_hf5_4hb">
          <li>Updated Russian and Italian web interface.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_lvd_3hj_pdb">
      <title>Version 1.2.6</title>
      <p>Released Date: March 20, 2018</p>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_hsf_4hj_pdb">
          <li>Added support for QueueMetrics On-Premise.</li>
          <li>Optimized the purchase process of the QueueMetrics account.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_u4m_4hj_pdb">
      <title>Version 1.1.5</title>
      <p>Released Date: July 13, 2017</p>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_hlg_m3j_pdb">
          <li>Added support for German Web interface.</li>
          <li>Updated Italian Web interface.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_v4l_m3j_pdb">
      <title>Version 1.1.4</title>
      <p>Released Date: June 20, 2017</p>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_z24_43j_pdb">
          <li>Added support for sending verification email to activate QueueMetrics Live ID.</li>
          <li>Added support for sending welcome email with login information when QueueMetrics Live
            ID applied.</li>
          <li>Optimized Web GUI: show “Current QueueMetrics Live ID” filed on the page after
            connected to QueueMetrics Live.</li>
          <li>Optimized the selection options of “Time Zone” when applying a demo QueueMetrics Live
            ID: specify time zone with countries and cities.</li>
          <li>Added the QueueMetrics Live Integration Application’s log into the PBX system
            logs.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_usr_q3j_pdb">
      <title>Version 1.0.11</title>
      <p>Released Date: May 4, 2017</p>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_d14_s3j_pdb">
          <li>Optimized Web GUI: if QueueMetrics ID had been applied via the App, the Web GUI would
            not show the link of applying QueueMetrics. Users can only apply one QueueMetrics ID
            from the QueueMetrics Live Integration App.</li>
          <li>Optimized Web GUI: added “QueueMetrics Login Username” field on the page of applying
            QueueMetrics ID. The login username is “demoadmin”. Users should log in QueueMetrics
            using the fixed username “demoadmin”.</li>
          <li>Optimized Web GUI: added “Confirm Password” field on the page of applying QueueMetrics
            ID. Users need to input password twice to ensure the password is correct.</li>
          <li>Optimized QueueMetrics visit link to avoid web cache.</li>
          <li>Added response from QueueMetrics into the PBX system logs.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
