<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_yv1_bgn_jdb">
  <title>Linkus Server</title>
  <shortdesc>Release notes for Linkus Server on Yeastar S-Series VoIP PBX.</shortdesc>
  <body>
    <section id="section_ymv_14w_clb">
      <title>Version 2.7.3</title>
      <p><ph conref="v30.13.0.30.dita#v30.13.0.b/date"/></p>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_rbn_nqx_hlb">
          <li conref="v30.13.0.30.dita#v30.13.0.b/linkus-CTI"/>
        </ul>
        <ul id="ul_sbn_nqx_hlb">
          <li conref="v30.13.0.30.dita#v30.13.0.b/italian-language"/>
          <li>Fixed the issue of the push notification for Linkus calls: With
              <uicontrol>Presence</uicontrol> set to <uicontrol>Do Not Disturb</uicontrol>, members
            in a Ring Group could still receive incoming calls.</li>
          <li>Fixed the display issue of extensions: On Linkus Mobile Client, not all registered
            extensions were displayed on <uicontrol>Extension</uicontrol> list.</li>
          <li>Fixed the issue that members in a queue didn't receive notifications when there're
            incoming calls.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_jrr_mnj_tkb">
      <title>Version 2.6.10</title>
      <p>Released Date: February 27, 2020</p>
      <p><b>This version updates the following, you need to simultaneously upgrade Linkus clients to
          the latest version (iOS version: 2.9.10; Android version: 2.9.6), or Linkus may not
          work.</b></p>
      <p>
        <ul>
          <li>Added compatibility with PBX <uicontrol>Contacts</uicontrol> feature.</li>
          <li>Optimized Linkus iOS Push.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_bkh_yjp_1kb">
      <title>Version 2.5.8</title>
      <p>Released Date: December 17, 2019<ul id="ul_bj2_zjp_1kb">
          <li>Fixed the LCS (Linkus Cloud Service) issue: When the mounted network drive
            disconnected with PBX, users failed to change password on Linkus Mobile Client.</li>
          <li>Fixed the following Conference issues.<ul id="ul_yht_mkp_1kb">
              <li>
                <p>Display issue of conference members.</p>
              </li>
              <li>
                <p>Occasionally failed to exit from a conference.</p>
              </li>
            </ul></li>
        </ul></p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_n51_3tj_yjb">
      <title>Version 2.5.1</title>
      <p>Released Date: December 12, 2019</p>
      <p>
        <ul>
          <li>Optimized the mechanism of applying configuration changes to improve the system
              stability.<ul id="ul_s5q_kqb_wjb">
              <li>You don't need to click <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol> button to reload Asterisk if
                you save unchanged configurations.</li>
              <li>If no <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol> button appears after you save some specific
                configuration changes, then the configurations can be saved without reloading
                Asterisk.</li>
            </ul></li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_plz_j3x_mjb">
      <title>Version 2.4.6</title>
      <p>Released Date: October 25, 2019<ul id="ul_vrb_l3x_mjb">
          <li>
            <p>Fixed the issue of Linkus login: After enabling Linkus Cloud Service, extension users
              could not log in Linkus.</p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <p>Optimized APNs (Apple Push Notification service).</p>
          </li>
        </ul></p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_vr3_fdd_3jb">
      <title>Version 2.3.15</title>
      <p>Released Date: October 22, 2019</p>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_rgm_vfd_3jb">
          <li>
            <p>Improved Linkus performance.</p>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_zfq_xdc_r3b">
      <title>Version 2.2.27</title>
      <p>Released Date: August 8, 2019</p>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_cnh_htp_43b">
          <li>
            <p>Added support for Resume from Breakpoint. You can resume downloading Voicemail and
              One-Touch Recordings at the broken point.</p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <p>Optimized the Voicemail and One-Touch Recordings: Linkus client only displays the
              voicemail and one-touch recordings that are stored in the current storage location (<menucascade>
                <uicontrol>System</uicontrol>
                <uicontrol>Storage</uicontrol>
                <uicontrol>Preference</uicontrol>
                <uicontrol>Storage Locations</uicontrol>
                <uicontrol> Voicemail &amp; One Touch Recordings</uicontrol>
              </menucascade> ).</p>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Version 2.2.13</title>
      <p>Released Date: June 27, 2019</p>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_mv1_w23_f3b">
          <li>Optimized the Mi Push for Linkus Android client.</li>
          <li>Fixed the Recording issue on Linkus PC client: When Linkus recevied an incoming call
            via an IVR or a queue and this call was recorded on Linkus, the recording would not be
            saved on Linkus.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_c4w_j22_nhb">
      <title>Version 2.2.8</title>
      <p>Released Date: April 24, 2019</p>
      <p><b>In this version, we update the iOS certificate, please upgrade to this new version, or
          the iPhone users wouldn't receive Linkus calls.</b></p>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_ary_p22_nhb">
          <li>Updated the iOS certificate.</li>
          <li>Optimized Android push notification.</li>
          <li>Added Linkus Server Guide link for quick access.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Version 2.2.2</title>
      <p>Released Date: March 21, 2019</p>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_gfb_13r_dhb">
          <li>
            <p>Changed the default RTP port range to 4000-10000.</p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <p>Fixed known issues.</p>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Version 2.1.43</title>
      <p>Released Date: February 25, 2019</p>
      <p>
        <ul>
          <li>Optimized <uicontrol>Linkus</uicontrol> Send Email feature: You can choose to send
            Linkus emails by Yeastar server. By doing this, you don't have to set up Email on your
              PBX.<p>By choosing Yeastar server, you can send Linkus emails even though your PBX
              Email is not configured.</p></li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_v54_btl_ggb">
      <title>Version 2.1.26</title>
      <p>Released Date: December 27, 2018</p>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_fgq_dtl_ggb">
          <li>Optimized Google FCM (FireBase Cloud Messaging) for Linkus.</li>
          <li>Fixed known issues.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_tbl_jrv_1gb">
      <title>Version 2.1.8</title>
      <p>Released Date: December 10, 2018</p>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_e25_lrv_1gb">
          <li>Fixed known issues.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_tjr_bq1_pfb">
      <title>Version 2.0.15</title>
      <p>Released Date: October 26, 2018</p>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_ogs_2q1_pfb">
          <li>Improved the Linkus stability.</li>
          <li>Added support for forcing logout of Linkus desktop client on Linkus mobile
            client.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_nkt_zrs_gfb">
      <title>Version 1.8.23</title>
      <p>Released Date: September 26, 2018</p>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_w4g_bss_gfb">
          <li>Added support for Linkus Cloud Service.<p>Linkus Cloud Service supports Linkus Chat
              function, simplifies Linkus server settings, and provides better Linkus
              experience.</p></li>
          <li>Fixed known issues.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_xlt_sx3_gfb">
      <title>Version 1.8.22</title>
      <p>Released Date: September 25, 2018</p>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_ajq_1y3_gfb">
          <li>Added support for Linkus Cloud Service.<p>Linkus Cloud Service supports Linkus Chat
              function, simplifies Linkus server settings, and provides better Linkus
              experience.</p></li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_v4n_lkt_q2b">
      <title>Version 1.8.2</title>
      <p>Released Date: August 9, 2018</p>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_pxq_4kt_q2b">
          <li>Added support for Linkus Windows desktop.</li>
          <li>Added support for Presence feature on Linkus.</li>
          <li>Improved the stability of Linkus mobile client.</li>
          <li>Optimized Linkus iOS push.</li>
          <li>Improved the calling experience on Linkus Android client.</li>
          <li>Fixed known issues.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_bgr_y3x_g2b">
      <title>Version 1.7.18</title>
      <p>Released Date: June 29, 2018</p>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_s2r_cjx_g2b">
          <li>Added Privacy Policy Agreement and Data Processing Agreement.</li>
          <li>Fixed the issue that Linkus call push would fail.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Version 1.7.14</title>
      <p>Released Date: May 23, 2018</p>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_knr_wxv_wdb">
          <li>Optimized the Linkus login link.</li>
          <li>Optimized the Linkus email template.</li>
          <li>Fixed the issue that Linkus server would not be updated if the local IP address of the
            PBX was changed.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_lzh_m2j_pdb">
      <title>Version 1.6.4</title>
      <p>Released Date: March 5, 2018</p>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_ock_r2j_pdb">
          <li>Added supported for logging in Linkus by email address.</li>
          <li>Improved the security of the Linkus login.</li>
          <li>Expand the expiration time of QR code and login link that are in the Linkus email to
            24 hours.</li>
          <li>Optimized the Linkus Email Template.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_gjp_s2j_pdb">
      <title>Version 1.5.9</title>
      <p>Released Date: January 18, 2018</p>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_evm_x2j_pdb">
          <li>Added support for MiPush, Huawei Push, and JPush.</li>
          <li>Added support for Background Mode function on Linkus Android client.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_ulc_y2j_pdb">
      <title>Version 1.4.10</title>
      <p>Released Date: November 21, 2017</p>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_qrx_z2j_pdb">
          <li>Fixed the issue that if Linkus call push was failed, the CPU usage of Linkus server
            was high.</li>
          <li>Fixed the issue that if the web debug log was enabled on the PBX, Conference function
            on Linkus client could not work. </li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_mz1_1fj_pdb">
      <title>Version 1.4.7</title>
      <p>Released Date: September 22, 2017</p>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_uxj_cfj_pdb">
          <li>Opened Linkus.log access authority for Yeastar Support.</li>
          <li>Fixed the issue that when users switched too fast between enabling and disabling
            Linkus Server on App Center, the ring strategies would not take effect in Linkus Mobile
            Client.</li>
          <li>Fixed the issue that Linkus process failed to be killed when users enabled Linkus
            Server and then disabled it.</li>
          <li>Optimized CDR display issue of Linkus outbound calls: the CDR would display the dial
            prefix for outbound calls made from Linkus Mobile Client.</li>
          <li>Optimized Call Push mechanism for both Android and iOS version: when Linkus mobile
            clients do not successfully receive a push for an incoming call, or the phone do not
            ring after receiving the push, the server will resend the push at an interval of 4s, and
            at most 4 pushes for the same incoming call will be sent.</li>
          <li>Fixed the issue that when some users received emails sent by Linkus Server, which
            contains a QR scan code for users to login their Linkus Mobile Client account, the
            Chinese characters in the email subjects, if there were any, became garbage
            characters.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_zhv_cfj_pdb">
      <title>Version 1.3.6</title>
      <p>Released Date: June 16, 2017</p>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_zby_2fj_pdb">
          <li>Optimized the feature of logging in Linkus client via QR scan code.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_o2g_ffj_pdb">
      <title>Version 1.2.5</title>
      <p>Released Date: March 30, 2017</p>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_yfz_gfj_pdb">
          <li>Added support for Linkus Client Conference feature.</li>
          <li>Added support for Linkus Client Voicemail feature.</li>
          <li>Added support for Google FCM (FireBase Cloud Messaging) feature on Linkus Android
            Client. </li>
          <li>Fixed the issue that the Linkus startup speed would be slow if there were many
            extensions.</li>
          <li>Fixed the issue that the users could not log in Linkus client if the Linkus were
            frequently used to make calls.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_mpd_hfj_pdb">
      <title>Version 1.1.16</title>
      <p>Released Date: January 19, 2017</p>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_xdd_jfj_pdb">
          <li><ph id="OLE_LINK2">Optimized</ph> Callkit feature for Linkus iOS version.</li>
          <li>Optimized security of Linkus client login: if a user fails to log in Linkus more than
            3 times in 10 minutes, the user account will be locked for 10 minutes.</li>
          <li>Optimized loading speed of extension status.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_y53_jfj_pdb">
      <title>Version 1.1.15</title>
      <p>Released Date: January 13, 2017</p>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_p5r_lfj_pdb">
          <li>Added support for French, Italian Web interface.</li>
          <li>Updated Turkish Web interface.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_l5x_lfj_pdb">
      <title>Version 1.1.10</title>
      <p>Released Date: January 4, 2017</p>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_i3f_4fj_pdb">
          <li>Extension users’ default “User Password” must be changed before enabling Linkus
            service for them.</li>
          <li>Added support for logging in Linkus client via QR scan code or login link.</li>
          <li>Added support for checking and playing one-touch recording files on Linkus
            client.</li>
          <li>Added blind transfer feature.</li>
          <li>Limit Linkus login attempts 5 times to protect Linkus from brute force attacks.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_ml3_4fj_pdb">
      <title>Version 1.0.24</title>
      <p>Released Date: November 30, 2016</p>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_jys_qfj_pdb">
          <li>Optimized buttons on Linkus configuration page.</li>
          <li>Fixed the issue that if the PBX was rebooted or the Linkus service was restarted, the
            iPhone users could not receive Linkus calls when Linkus was running in background.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
