<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_eng_vdc_5db">
    <title>Step3. Set PBX A as OpenVPN Server</title>
    <taskbody>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Log in the PBX A's web interface, go to <uicontrol>VPN Server</uicontrol>,
                    check the option <uicontrol>Enable VPN Server</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>On the <uicontrol>Configuration</uicontrol> page, configure the VPN server
                    settings.</cmd>
                <choices>
                    <choice><uicontrol>Server Port</uicontrol>: Specify which TCP/UDP port should
                        OpenVPN listen on. The default port is 1194.</choice>
                    <choice><uicontrol>Enable Compression</uicontrol>: Whether to compression on the
                        VPN link.<p>
                            <note>If you enable this option, you need to enable compression on the
                                VPN client.</note>
                        </p></choice>
                    <choice><uicontrol>Protocol</uicontrol>: Choose the protocol.</choice>
                    <choice><uicontrol>Address pool</uicontrol>: Define the address pool.</choice>
                    <choice><uicontrol>Subnet mask</uicontrol>: Set the subnet mask.</choice>
                    <choice><uicontrol>Global Traffic Forwarding</uicontrol>: If enabled, this
                        directive will configure all clients to redirect their default network
                        gateway through the VPN, causing all IP traffic such as web browsing and DNS
                        lookups to go through the VPN. (The OpenVPN server machine may need to NAT
                        or bridge the TUN/TAP interface to the internet in order for this to work
                        properly).</choice>
                    <choice><uicontrol>Device Mode</uicontrol>: Choose the device mode:<ul
                            id="ul_tps_xhc_5db">
                            <li>TUN: a TUN device is a virtual point-point IP link.</li>
                            <li>TAP: a TAP device is a virtual Ethernet adapter.</li>
                        </ul><note>Android clients don’t support TAP mode, please set the device
                            mode to TUN if you uses Android VPN client.</note></choice>
                    <choice><uicontrol>Encryption</uicontrol>: Choose encryption method.</choice>
                    <choice><uicontrol>Key Length</uicontrol>: Set the key length.<p>
                            <note>The value must be the same with <codeph>KEY_SIZE</codeph> which
                                were set in the <filepath>vars.bat.sample</filepath> file</note>
                        </p></choice>
                    <choice><uicontrol>Maximum Number of Clients</uicontrol>: Set the maximum number
                        of clients that could connect to the VPN server.</choice>
                    <choice><uicontrol>Verification Mode</uicontrol>: Select the verification mode
                        to <codeph>CA Cert+ Client Certificate</codeph>. </choice>
                </choices>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Upload certificates and keys.</cmd>
                <choices id="choices_jyf_33c_5db">
                    <choice><uicontrol>CA Cert</uicontrol>: Upload
                        <filepath>ca.crt</filepath>.</choice>
                    <choice><uicontrol>Public Server Cert</uicontrol>: Upload the VPN server
                        certificate <filepath>server.crt</filepath>.</choice>
                    <choice><uicontrol>Private Server Key</uicontrol>: Upload the VPN server key
                            <filepath>server.key</filepath>.</choice>
                    <choice><uicontrol>DH PEM</uicontrol>: Upload the DH file
                            <filepath>dh1024.pem</filepath>. <p>
                            <note>If the <codeph>KEY_SIZE</codeph> is 2048, then upload the file
                                    <filepath>dh2048.pem</filepath>.</note>
                        </p></choice>
                    <choice><uicontrol>Enable SSL/TLS</uicontrol>: If you enable SSL/TLS on the VPN
                        server, upload <filepath>ta.key</filepath> file.<p>
                            <note>If you enable SSL/TLS on the VPN server, you need to enable
                                SSL/TLS on the VPN clients, and upload <filepath>ta.key</filepath>
                                on the VPN clients.</note>
                        </p></choice>
                </choices>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Go to <menucascade>
                        <uicontrol>Resource Monitor</uicontrol>
                        <uicontrol>Network</uicontrol>
                    </menucascade>, check the VPN server status and IP address.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Forward the VPN server port on the router that is connected to the PBX.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
