<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_yxv_phw_rdb">
    <title>Share Trunks by SLA</title>
    <shortdesc>After setting up SLA stations on PBX and configuring BLF keys on IP phones, users can
        monitor SLA trunks, receive calls from SLA trunks, and make outbound calls through SLA
        trunks.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <section id="section_lzg_yhw_rdb">
            <title><b>Make outbound calls</b></title>
            <p>SLA station can monitor the status of SLA trunk according to BLF keys status.</p>
            <p>
                <note>For different phone models, there may be some difference in the status of BLF
                    keys.</note>
            </p>
            <p>
                <ul id="ul_xd2_nkp_wfb">
                    <li>If the BLF key used to monitor SLA trunk turns green, it indicates that the
                        trunk is available, and the associated SLA station can make outbound calls
                        through this trunk.
                            <?oxy_comment_start author="Becky" timestamp="20190929T174316+0800" comment="If the BLF key shows the shared line is idle, the boss or the assistant could press the BLF key to use the line. After hearing a dial tone, he/she could dial the external number to call out." flag="done"?><p>To
                            make outbound calls, the SLA station should press BLF key first, and
                            dial the external number out after hearing a dial
                        tone.</p><?oxy_comment_end?></li>
                    <li>If the BLF key used to monitor SLA trunk turns red, it indicates that the
                        trunk is in use. Other SLA stations can not use the trunk to make outbound
                        calls now.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_qnr_13w_rdb">
            <title>Handle incoming calls</title>
            <p>When an external call reaches the SLA trunk, all phones of associated SLA stations
                will ring, and BLF keys on phone devices will flash in red. Any SLA stations can
                answer the call by pressing BLF keys.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_zzx_b3w_rdb">
            <title>Barge-in an active call</title>
            <p>If <xref href="sla_sample_configuration.dita#concept_vpg_l2w_rdb/sla-barge-in"
                        ><uicontrol>Allow Barge</uicontrol></xref> is enabled for an SLA trunk,
                other SLA stations are allowed to join an active call.</p>
            <?oxy_comment_start author="Becky" timestamp="20190930T144032+0800" comment="When there is an active call between an SLA station and an external number through the shared line, other SLA stations can join the call by pressing the BLF key. " flag="done"?>
            <p>When an SLA station is in a call with other users using this SLA trunk, other SLA
                stations can join the active call by pressing the BLF key.</p><?oxy_comment_end?>
        </section>
        <section id="section_t4b_33w_rdb">
            <title>Hold and retrieve calls</title>
            <p>During the call, the SLA station can press the BLF key to hold and retrieve the call.
                Whether an SLA station can retrieve a call or not depends on the <uicontrol>Hold
                    Access</uicontrol>.<note><uicontrol>Hold Access</uicontrol> of SLA station has a
                    higher priority than the <uicontrol>Hold Access</uicontrol> of a
                    trunk.</note><ul id="ul_q1t_lgc_3jb">
                    <li>If <uicontrol>Hold Access</uicontrol> is set to <uicontrol>Open</uicontrol>,
                        other stations that share the trunk can press BLF key to retrieve the
                        call.</li>
                    <li>If <uicontrol>Hold Access</uicontrol> is set to
                            <uicontrol>Private</uicontrol>, the call can be retrieved only by the
                        station that previously put the call on hold.</li>
                </ul></p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
    <related-links>
        <link href="sla_sample_configuration.dita"/>
    </related-links>
</concept>
