<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_kzd_png_tdb">
    <title>VoIP Trunks Introduction</title>
    <shortdesc>VoIP Trunks are phone lines that transmits calls over the Internet. A VoIP provider
        can assign a local number to one or more cities or countries and route it to the PBX phone
        system. Usually VoIP trunks are cheaper than traditional PSTN trunks.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <section id="section_bhb_3n3_t3b" product="s-series">
            <title>SIP protocol and &amp; IAX2 protocol</title>
            <p><ph keyref="product_name"/> supports VoIP trunk based on SIP (Session Initiation
                Protocol) protocol and IAX (Inter-Asterisk eXchange ) protocol. <ul
                    id="ul_e3d_pn3_t3b">
                    <li><b>SIP protocol</b><p>SIP ( Session Initiation Protocol ) is a multimedia
                            communication protocol developed by the IETF ( Internet Engineering Task
                            Force ), an application-layer control (signaling) protocol for creating,
                            modifying, and terminating sessions with one or more
                        participants.</p></li>
                </ul><ul id="ul_orn_qn3_t3b">
                    <li><b>IAX2 protocol</b><p>IAX2 is a VoIP protocol native to Asterisk. IAX2 is
                            attractive in bandwidth conservation and NAT traversal. IAX2 is not the
                            an IETF protocol, it is not supported widely and is used
                        rarely.</p></li>
                </ul></p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_wcf_lj5_mfb">
            <title>VoIP Trunk Types</title>
            <p><ph keyref="product_name"/> supports the following VoIP trunk types:</p>
            <p>
                <ul id="ul_qzz_nj5_mfb">
                    <li><b>VoIP Register Trunk</b>: Registration based VoIP trunk. VoIP Register
                        Trunk uses the username and password for registration with SIP
                        providers.</li>
                </ul>
                <ul id="ul_c55_pj5_mfb" product="cloudpbx">
                    <li><b>VoIP Peer Trunk</b>: Uses the IP address &amp; port or domain of PBX for
                        authentication or connect PBX directly to VoIP provider's dedicated network.
                        Your VoIP provider route incoming and outgoing calls based on the DID
                        number, PBX port or PBX domain, or route calls by a private network.</li>
                </ul>
                <ul id="peer-trunk-s">
                    <li product="s-series">
                        <p><b>VoIP Peer Trunk</b>: IP based VoIP trunk. Uses the IP address and port
                            of PBX for authentication. </p>
                    </li>
                </ul>
                <ul id="ul_krc_sj5_mfb">
                    <li><b>VoIP Account Trunk</b><p>Account Trunk is designed for connection between
                                <ph keyref="product_name"/> and other devices. <ph
                                keyref="product_name"/> will act as a VoIP account provider, the
                            other device should register this account to connect to <ph
                                keyref="product_name"/>.</p></li>
                    <li product="cloudpbx"><b>WebRTC Trunk</b><p>A WebRTC (Web Real-Time
                            Communication) trunk is used to set up WebRTC Click to Call. After you
                            create a WebRTC trunk on the <ph keyref="product_name"/>, a link will be
                            generated automatically.</p></li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
